docs: update docs for sql review rules (#349)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/en/sql-review/review-rules/table-drop-naming.md

---
title: Drop naming convention for Table
---

> Only tables named with specific naming convention can be deleted. This requires users to do a rename then drop the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only tables named with specific naming patterns can be deleted. This requires users to do a rename and then drop the table.
```
